2.8.1 Presentation Of The Current Iteration


The main part of the presentation should cover the design. The motivation of
your design decisions must be explained in terms of GRASP principles. Use the
appropriate design diagrams to illustrate how the most important parts of your
software work. Your presentation should cover the following elements. Note that
these are not necessarily all separate sections in the presentation.



1. A discussion of the high level design of the software (use GRASP patterns).
Give a rationale for all the important design decisions your team has made.

2. A more detailed discussion of the parts that you think are the most interest-
ing in terms of design (use GRASP patterns). Again we expect a rationale
here for the important design decisions.

3. A discussion of the extensibility of the system. Briey discuss how your
system can deal with a number of change scenarios (e.g. extra constraints,
additional domain concepts, ...).

4. A discussion of the testing approach used in the current iteration.

5. An overview of the project management. Give an approximation of how
many hours each team member worked. Use the following categories: group
work, individual work, and study (excluding the classes and exercise ses-
sions). In addition, insert a slide that describes the roles of the team mem-
bers of the current iteration, and the roles for the next iteration. Note that
these slides do not have to be presented, but we need the information.



Your presentation should not consist of slides lled with text, but of slides
with clear design diagrams and keywords or a few short sentences. The goal
of giving a presentation is to communicate a message, not to write a novel. All
design diagrams should be clearly readable and use the correct UML notation. It is
therefore typically a bad idea to create a single class diagram with all information.
Instead, you can for example use an overview class diagram with only the most
important classes, and use more detailed class diagrams to document specic parts
of the system. Similarly, use appropriate interaction diagrams to illustrate the
working of the most important (or complex) parts of the system.